for the first time in a century Porto
Rico was facing the possibility of
applying the death penalty escalating
crime rate was shaking people stand
against capital punishment said I
clarify Papa gasps ominous you know
hella better the onesie follow that in
Quentin to avoid the return of the death
penalty Amnesty International needed to
shift public opinion fast to show the
imperfection of the justice system we
convinced James Reynolds to reshoot his
series with a significant change to the
menu this time it would depict the last
meal of five wrongfully executed men we
reached to our audience through every
media aperture placing them in a
position of a death row inmate on social
media arguments against the death
penalty were amplified the message was
placed on fast food restaurant raised in
leading food courts we raised the
question what will you have ordered
to dramatize the imperfection of the
justice system we opened an unlikely
restaurant it offered dishes chosen my
run fully executed men as their last
meals we ignited a public dialogue it
generated over 3.5 million impressions
of none paid media
6.6 million impressions were registered
Amnesty's mentions and Twitter increased
by four hundred percent on large 23 2013
a Puerto Rican grand jury declines the
death penalty under federal case against
Alexis Candelario no a piña de muerte a
favorite toy inori story hope we see a
contra alexa candelario lebron doce de
esa manera de lo que sentí see Baba
Booey averse ido el primer benedicto de
pene muy temprano rico unable 10th Elmo
Budhia the islands leading newspaper
reports a fifty-seven percent opposition
to the death penalty we proved that
people's minds can change at the dinner
table